# phase_10 AI coding test bed

This repo holds code generated by various models without any editing other than one include file that is commented out. All of the solutions are single dart files that can be run in VSCode or on the command line. Any LLM responses that specified multiple files were combined into a single file for this evaulation.

## Reproducability

The results are very dependent on the current state of your repository and can be difficult to replicated.  They are deterministic but not guaranteed because your context may be different as the repo changes.  You can exclude the repository but I'm not convinced it always works.

## Our desires

I want to build a program that can act as a score sheet for the "phase 10" card game. This does not implement any of the game rules. It is just a fancy piece of paper

## Dart solutions

Many of the dart files don't compile. They were deliberately left in the source tree as created by the LLM with no manual fixes

| Directory                             | Created with                  | Scope                                      | Results                      |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------- |
| lib/copilot                           | Copilot Chat                  | no request for theme switch                | Zero modifications           |
| lib/copilot/fisrst_attempt            | Copilot Chat                  | Just the basic problem                     | Models work                  |
| lib/copilot/light_dark                | Copilot Chat                  | basic problem plus theme switch            | Models work                  |
| lib/copilot/riverpod_light_dark       | Copilot Chat                  | riverpod and a theme switch                | Models work                  |
| lib/copilot/riverpod_light_dark_model | Copilot Chat                  | riverpod, model objects and a theme switch | Compile but fail with errors |
| lib/other/light_dark                  | Local Ollama and Continue.dev | basic problem plust theme switch           | No models working            |
| lib/other/riverpod_light_dark         | Local Ollama and Continue.dev | riverpod and  theme switch                 | No models working            |

You can run the individual models ignoring the warning about project errors because all the apps are just one file.

## Files

Each file contains the output of a copilot or other LLM.  The context was adjusted to exclude the workspace so that previous files should not affect the output of a given AI prompt.

## Our prompt


Create a flutter main.dart to implement the following game program in Flutter.

A game score-keeping application built in flutter for the card game "phase 10".

The application should have an appbar and a switch to support light and dark mode.

The program should capture individual phase/round scores for 8 players for up to 12 rounds, and calculate the total score for each player as the sum of the round scores. It should also display the sum of the round scores and a place for an editable player name

The UI should be a horizontally scrollable tabular UI that displays the player's name and total points in the first column of each row.   The table should scroll like a spreadsheet where the player's name and total are fixed while the rest of the spreadsheet can scroll horizontally. Use a Flutter table type that can freeze the first column.

The first column of the UI should show the total score for each player and the player's name at the start of each row. The player's name should be editable. The total score field holds the sum of the scores in that row.

The next 12 columns hold the information for an individual round. There are two fields for each round. The individual round information fields contain the points for that round and a droplist containing the phase completed in that round, if any.   The score attribute is a numeric input field. The phase completed dropdown should offer a blank value and the numbers 1 through 10


## Variations

* Sometimes we needed to change `create a flutter main.dart` to `update a flutter main.dart`.
